hey welcome to the green apple home so
today I'm making this yummy apple salad
that I sometimes do around the holidays
and I can't find the recipe so I'm just
gonna wing it most of it you kind of
eyeball anyways because it's kind of
like potato salad some people like it
more mayonnaise II some people don't so
I'm just going to tell you how I usually
do it and if I find the recipe all
officially write it down in the
description maybe but anyways no big
deal I usually do about four apples I
did five apples just because when
Annapolis was like teeny-tiny you want
to do I do green and red so I've got two
granny smith apples and three they're
actually Rome apples but Red Delicious
would work I add a half cup of
mayonnaise and you may want to start out
with a quarter cup just to see I don't
like it really man easy some people may
even want it more than half a cup but
you're going to add a half a cup of that
to your apples so right now I just have
them cored
if if you don't have a core oh my
goodness what are you missing out on
these are so cheap and you've got to get
one and just like cores your apples so
nicely and I only I have to do it's hard
browning man I just did this like two
seconds ago I was in they all have to do
is chop these into bite-sized pieces
we're just going to add half a cup to
this and go from there here are my
lovely apples doesn't it look so jolly
and festive hi I do this year-round but
I especially do it around the holidays
because it's the green and the red
together by the way the reason why I
can't find my recipe is because my
sister always calls me for recipes and
then I never put them back where I
should so I'm sure it's like sitting on
a counter somewhere but I just haven't
taken the time to find it okay we're
going to dump our mayonnaise in here
like I said I'm going to just do half a
cup pop we'll mix that up and then we'll
add some other stuff to it the way I
make it if not so man easy it just kind
of gives it a light coating I am
actually using mirco up nut Mayo
this is fake Mayo but it's good and
gives it a good zip to it so
okay that's hard to do with one hand
okay now we need some celery I prefer to
cut my celery into really small pieces
because I just don't like a big chunk of
celery so I'm just going to take my ribs
and by the way if there will t just pop
them in some water a cup of water I'm
going to perk up a little bit
stiffen up it's really easy to do I'm
gonna cut mine maybe twice diagonally
what that's not that I'm super crazy I
need someone to hold this for me so I
could do okay I'm gonna cut it like this
down down the stock and then probably
again right here so there's like some
really small I'll show you and see how
there's two marks are that's why I'm
gonna cut and then I'm gonna chop chop
chop chop chop sorry I have no assistant
with me today so bear with me but this
salad is really good it's really it
feels light and fresh you feel like
you're eating really healthy cuz you're
getting your apple a day keeps the
doctor away and then after that after I
have this celery it's a little tricky
because it's kind of what you like like
how many raisins do you like in your
salad how many nuts do you like in your
salad so I'll probably end up doing
maybe like two handfuls of raisin and
then just a handful of nuts and I'm
gonna these are actually full nuts
pecans and I'm going over a set pecan
depends very firm I say pecan even
though I live in North Carolina don't
hate me and yeah I'm just gonna chop
these up a little bit and just throw
them in there stir them up with
everything and that's our salad except
the special ingredient which is
marshmallows I put a lot in because my
kids pretty much just eat the
marshmallows and apples yeah they heard
the word marshmallow so yeah okay
they're like little pieces about that
big that's how I like it that you do a
swamp okay I've almost got 3/4 of a cup
of raisins that's what I'm going to use
but you if you like more use more if you
don't have a chopper thing like this or
one of those mixer things
chop your nuts sometimes I just put them
in a little baggie like a ziplock baggie
and oops take either a rolling pin or
the edge of a heavier knife and just
kind of break them up a little bit maybe
like that all right we're going to throw
those things in let's see there's that
you dump the raisins to sprinkle
sprinkle them okay I did about half a
bag of marshmallows the regular is it
twelve outside I see
this is the regular yeah ten ounce or so
size of marshmallows I can see there's
opted in there regular ones
okay well the salads done this one looks
like it's really good you get a lot of
different textures you get the
crunchiness of the Apple in the celery
and the softness with the raisins and
the marshmallows and the saltiness of
the nuts and the sweetness with
everything else the zing of the Mayo is
just really it's really good just like
makes your mouth drool when you eat it I
could eat this all day
this is delicious just want you to know
all right thanks a lot for watching and
we'll see you next time on the green
apple home
you